(DOCSP-29595): Pulled in specific steps for API key access lists. (#156)
mongodb/docs-atlas-cli: source/troubleshooting.txt

The user's IP address or API key that you use to authenticate is not on
the :atlas:`access list </configure-api-access>` for the requested

> project. Add your IP address or API key to the :atlas:`access list 
> </configure-api-access>` to run commands. To learn more, see 
> :atlas:`Get Started with the Atlas Administration API 
> </configure-api-access>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
project. Add your IP address to the :atlas: access list (link to a guide) or to the API access list (link to a guide) to run commands.
```

Reviewer: This Get Started Link  does not cover API access list and this is what customers facing the problem will reach before reading the section below. This is why I think we should rethink this
```
Get Started with the Atlas Administration API 
</configure-api-access>
```

Author: @andreaangiolillo, this page is exactly where I pulled the steps from. I added a list with two links (project, API). I linked to the top-level so that they can go here for comprehensive info. Otherwise, the exact steps are now pulled into this section.

To add your IP address to an API key's access list:

.. procedure::
   :style: normal

   .. step:: Go to the :guilabel:`Access Manager` page for your project.

      a. If it isn't already displayed, select the organization that
         contains your desired project from the :icon-mms:`office` 
         :guilabel:`Organizations` menu in the navigation bar.

      #. Select your desired project from the list of projects in the 
         :guilabel:`Projects` page.

      #. Click the vertical ellipsis (:icon-fa4:`ellipsis-v`) next to 
         your project name in the upper left corner and select 
         :guilabel:`Project Settings`.

      #. Click :guilabel:`Access Manager` in the navigation bar.

   .. step:: Go to the API key's access list.

      a. Click the :guilabel:`API Keys` tab.

      #. Click :icon-mms:`ellipsis` to the right of the |api| Key.
  
      #. Click :guilabel:`Edit Permissions` and click :guilabel:`Next`.
      
   .. step:: Add your IP address to the API key's access list.

>       a. Do on of the following tasks in the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      a. Do one of the following tasks in the 
```

The user's IP address or API key that you use to authenticate is not on
the :atlas:`access list </configure-api-access>` for the requested

> project. Add your IP address or API key to the :atlas:`access list 

Reviewer: This is not correct as you don't add the API key to the atlas access list but you add your IP to the API key access list.

   .. step:: Go to the :guilabel:`Access Manager` page for your project.

      a. If it isn't already displayed, select the organization that
         contains your desired project from the :icon-mms:`office` 
         :guilabel:`Organizations` menu in the navigation bar.

      #. Select your desired project from the list of projects in the 
         :guilabel:`Projects` page.

      #. Next to the :guilabel:`Projects` menu, expand the
         :icon-fa5:`ellipsis-v` :guilabel:`Options` menu, then click 
         :guilabel:`Project Settings`.

      #. Click :guilabel:`Access Manager` in the navigation bar.

   .. step:: Go to the API key's access list.

      a. Click the :guilabel:`API Keys` tab.

      #. Click :icon-mms:`ellipsis` to the right of the |api| Key.
  
      #. Click :guilabel:`Edit Permissions` and click :guilabel:`Next`.
      
   .. step:: Add your IP address to the API key's access list.

      a. Do one of the following tasks in the 
         :guilabel:`API Access List` section:

         - Click :guilabel:`Add Access List Entry` and type an |ipaddr| 
           address.

         - If your current host for accessing |service| will also make 

>            |api| requests with this |api| key, click 

Reviewer: I think we don't need this section now that we have the link to the correct section on the other page.

Author: I recommend that we leave these exact steps in for clarity and ease of use since there was a lot of back and forth on this.
